adding community samples guidelines (#2467)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: sdk/docs/iot/README.md

- Espressif ESP32: [How to Setup and Run Azure SDK for Embedded C IoT Hub Client on ESP32](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/samples/iot/aziot_esp32/readme.md)

- Azure Device Update with Espressif ESP32 on Arduino IDE: [How to Setup and Run Azure SDK for Embedded C ADU on Espressif ESP32](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c-arduino/blob/main/examples/Azure_IoT_Adu_ESP32/readme.md)

> - VxWorks: [How to Setup and Run Azure SDK for Embedded C IoT Hub Client and Provisioning Client Samples on VxWorks](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/samples/iot/docs/how_to_iot_hub_samples_vxworks.md)

Reviewer: move VxWorks under here as well?

Reviewer 2: this lives in our repo though right? These new guidelines are for links to external ones?

Author: While the guidelines will be effective to all new samples, the VXWorks is also a community contribution so moving it makes a clear distinction between the ones we own and the remaining ones.

> ### Community Samples

Reviewer 3: Should this go below the note on windows/linux samples in line 69?

Author: good catch!

> Beyond the samples above, created, maintained and supported by Microsoft, there are additional samples created and maintained by the community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond the samples above, which are created, maintained and supported by Microsoft, there are additional samples created and maintained by the community:
```

> - Raspberry Pi Pico: [Azure IoT Hub RPI Pico LDR with Cloud to Device Methods](https://github.com/djaus2/Azure_IoT_Hub_Arduino_RPI_Pico_Telemetry/tree/master/Azure_IoT_Hub_RPI_Pico_LightSensor_WithCDM) created and maitained by [David Jones](https://github.com/djaus2), Microsoft MVP Windows Embedded and IoT App Developer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Raspberry Pi Pico: [Azure IoT Hub RPI Pico LDR with Cloud to Device Methods](https://github.com/djaus2/Azure_IoT_Hub_Arduino_RPI_Pico_Telemetry/tree/master/Azure_IoT_Hub_RPI_Pico_LightSensor_WithCDM) created and maintained by [David Jones](https://github.com/djaus2), Microsoft MVP Windows Embedded and IoT App Developer.
```
In the other file as well

> 

Reviewer: also add this?
https://github.com/microsoft/azure-iot-central-esp32-sample

Author: not sure if the timing for this one is right.... let's talk during stand-up.

Author: resolving for now, but glad to add this later if we decide to do so.

> If you have any issues with the community samples please let the owner know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or issues with these community samples, please refer to the github owner.
```

> If you wish to see the link to your sample published here, please refer to the [Contributing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#contributing) session in this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to see a link to your sample published here, please refer to the [Contributing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#contributing) session in this page.
```

> If you wish to see a link to your sample published here, please refer to the [Contributing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#contributing) session in this page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wish to see a link to your sample published here, please refer to the [Contributing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/docs/iot/README.md#contributing) section in this page.
```

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Find more contributing details [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you wish to contribute with a sample please read the guideline below:

> 1. Sample owners are fully responsible for their sample code, and any dependency they might have

Reviewer 2: Nit with all of these. Have a period at the end of each bullet point.
```suggestion
1. Sample owners are fully responsible for their sample code, and any dependency they might have.
```

> 1. Sample owners are fully responsible for their sample code, and any dependency they might have,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Sample owners are fully responsible for their sample code, and any dependency they might have
```
nit: have all line endings in the bullet list have the same format (either `.` or nothing)

1. Sample owners will guarantee functionality over time,

> 1. Sample owners will answer to questions, comments, GH issues, PRs and any other topic related to their sample implementation,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Sample owners will answer to questions, comments, GH issues, PRs and any other topics related to their sample implementation,
```
